Added v9 guide to add 404 error page (#3371)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Tutorials/Custom-Error-Pages/index-v9.md

Custom error handling might make your site look more on-brand and minimize the impact of errors on user experience - for example, a custom 404 with some helpful links (or a search function) could bring some value to the site.

## Contents

This article contains guides on how to create custom error pages for the following types of errors:

-   [404 errors ("Page note found")](#404-errors)

## In-code error page handling

One way is to watch for error events and serve corresponding pages via C# code. Please refer to the [Custom 404 handlers](../../Reference/Config/404handlers/) article for an example.

## 404 errors

In this method we will use a 404 page created via the backoffice.

### Create a 404 page in the backoffice

First, create a new document type (though you could also use a more generic document type if you already have one) called Page404.
Make sure the permissions are set to create it under Content.
Properties on this document type are optional - in most cases, the 404 not found page would be static.
Make sure to assign (and fill out) the template for your error page, and then create it in Content.

> ### Set a custom 404 page in umbracoSettings.config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set a custom 404 page in appsettings.json
```

Author: Great I missed that. I've added it now
